we'll March I'm so excited letter came
today the camp's accepted jr. for three
months he'll be away I've been listening
to him all year long he's bout to drive
me nuts
but sure it's sunlight brings a dawn
that Bobby on the bus did forget me
hekawi
just an old Indian name it was started
by chief come on if I don't we're back
in then these days CD never found the
way out of camp Kigali
why son they got a driving range now
that's some fun I'll bet you why with
any luck at all they're sure to make you
golf ball fetcher down at camp they call
me and they go I can every weekend
everybody gets to go it says here in the
brochure boy it's called the lost Patrol
found it camp
where the lights are gone
these are
traffic doesn't keep
what I haven't told there isn't any
traffic cause the door not any roads in
and out of camp God
just an OL Indian name it was started by
chief on the final
we're back in the end these days seems
you never found his way out of Ken the
Kaaba now if you go canoeing boy
don't forget your paddle and don't be
picking up the snakes especially those
that rats down at camp Goblin
well Marge we got a postcard Sid jr.
still alive you know I kind of miss it
it got you that boy survived down at
camp
but assure summers going in silence gets
too much I'll turn off my baseball game
and rush to meet his bus in his whirling
our t-shirt my heart will beat us
gah we just
the name it was started my chief final
way back in then these days seems he
never found his way out of cash the car
we get the station wagon kid you say you
lost your to the brush the first day
when was the last time you washed your
hands well how'd you get those Indian
being in your nose you say Little Jimmy
Jones will be okay they were able to
remove your tomahawk right there in the
camp and only nine stitches right and
his dad's a lawyer somebody else